In the last assignment I mentioned that there is something special happening if we never get to the
main page and back to block.
We see that loading bar at the top.
Now you might say sure we're waiting for the posts below that that's what you told us and we are.
But the strange thing is no service side rendering is happening here.
Remember what I said once the first page has been loaded which essentially happens whenever you refresh
or enter and you you are l.
Once that is done we have a single page application.
So if I click on the logo.
No this actually doesn't fetch a new page from the server.
It changes in javascript only our initially fetched page still is the same.
I can prove this to you by going back to your main page and an async data.
Let's console lock a async data is executed.
Let's save this.
It's on the main index that you follow.
Let's go back to our page and let's reload that main page once it reloads.
Check the console log on the right you won't see that message here.
You do see it.
However if you go back to the editor and have a look at the terminal where your development server is
running because async data here is executed on the server.
Makes sense I guess that is what I told you.
However let's go back to the EP and make sure to not reload the page go to blog or some other link and
go back to the main page.
Now you see async data is executed in the console.
If you go back to the terminal you now don't see it a second time here because remember what I said
once the first page was loaded you have a single page up and that is what's happening here.
If we refreshed a page or we enter a new you are l.
The code runs on the server.
If we didn't never get around it click links with next link or router push then we stay inside the single
page app and async data and now actually executes on the client.
It still waits for it to finish before it shows us the finished page.
But now next case is actually showing us this loading bar at the top to bruv the user experience and
it's now doing all of that in the browser because your search engine optimization doesn't matter anymore.
And we can now actually provide a more pleasant experience by showing a spinner or stuff like that.
If we stick in the browser and that is all handled for us automatically we wait on the server Anyways
if we refresh the page if we are on the page it happens in the browser.
This is the special thing I want you to take away async data is always something we wait for but does
not always run on the server.
It only does so if we are loading the page for the first time because we were fresh did or we entered
a new U R L and with that let's dive into that context object which can help us with finding out where
we're running.
And also with doing some very useful things.